Additional Application Accelerator revisions for 1.5.0 (#2246)
pivotal/docs-tap: application-accelerator/vscode.hbs.md

tap-gui   tap-gui.tap.tapdemo.myorg.com             tap-gui-cert   valid    Valid HTTPProxy
```

> ## <a id="app-acc-known-issues"></a> Known Issues

Reviewer: instead of removing the known issues section, this should be moved to a new section called `Resolved issues`

Author: I actually disagree with this - in the release notes, there is a section in there for resolved issues. I'd imagine this kind of information would be better suited to live there than within this doc. Just my 2 cents :)

Reviewer: gotcha, I wasn't aware of that section in the release notes, I'll remove that section from the doc

    tap-ingress-selfsigned-root-ca                 kubernetes.io/tls                3      18d <------- This is the certificate that is needed
    ```
2. Download the certificate by running the following command.
    >**Note** The following script depends on [`yq`](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) to process the YAML output.

    ```console
    $ kubectl get secret -n cert-manager tap-ingress-selfsigned-root-ca -o yaml | yq '.data."ca.crt"' | base64 -d > ca.crt
    ```

3. Install the certificate on your local system
    * Installing the certificate on Mac
    ```console
    $ sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain ca.crt
    ```
    * [Link on how to install certificates on Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/security-trust-store)
    * Installing the certificate on Windows
        1. Using Windows Explorer, navigate to the directory where the certificate was downloaded and double click on the certificate.
        2. In the Certificate window, click "Install Certificate...".
        3. Change the "Store Location" from "Current User" to "Local Machine". Click Next.

>         4. Keep "Automatically select the certificate store based on the type of certificate" checked. Click Next.

Author: ```suggestion
        4. Select "Place all certificates in the following store", click "Browse", and select "Trusted Root Certification Authorities"
```
